Let's get started on implementing our testing framework.
So I'm gonna go back over to my terminal.
You'll notice I'm back inside of a workspace directory.
Make sure you are too.
So I'm no longer inside the movie's project folder anymore than inside of this directory.
I'm gonna make a new project folder that's going to house all the code related to our testing framework.
So gonna make a new folder called T in E.
This is the name of our testing tool.
We're gonna call it ti me or something like that.
It's short for test me.
It's kind of like the name of our project.
So make that new directory change into it and then inside there are going to generate a new package.
JS on file so I'll do an NPM in it Dash y and I'll go ahead and start my code.
Ed inside
okay.
So right away instead of my root project folder I'm gonna make a new file called the Index dot J as
file as usual.
This is gonna be the central entry point for my entire application so I'll make a new file called index
dot J.S. now there's definitely a lot of different things we need to do inside of our project and so
we need to kind of prioritize what we want to work on first.
Well there's definitely a lot of technical challenges that we need to be aware of and a lot of different
things we need to figure out.
But right now there definitely is one very clear thing that we have to do that we could probably implement
right now without a lot of challenge.
So we had said that we want to have a node based CLIA tool of sorts.
So that means that we need to be able to run our project from the command line inside of any directory
on our machine to the very first thing we're going to do is set up our project to be ran like a CLIA
tool just as we did for the LSA program earlier.
And just as we did for that watch it program as well.
So to implement that remember we have to add in a little bit of code to the index not just file.
We have to add in a little bit of code to our package not just on file and then run one command at our
terminal so to get started inside of my index not just file.
I'm going to put in that comment at the very top.
So it's gonna have the hash character then an exclamation then user bean and note after that I'll put
a console log inside of your and say running tests so let's save that well then go back over to our
package start Jason File and we'll set this thing up to be executed from anywhere on our machine.
So in package dot Jason we're gonna add in a new section inside of here.
And remember we're going to call it the bean section the name of the command line tool that we're creating
is going to be T M E.
So I'll put in the get side of your a key of T M E and then as a value we'll put the file that we want
to execute any time we run that command will say index stop J will then say this file and then flip
back over to our terminal back over here inside of our project directory we'll run NPM link just as
we did previously.
And then finally it which built to test this thing out by running simply T M E at our command line and
I should see running tests like so okay.
Well that was kind of an easy step.
So now we know that we can run this test suite from anywhere inside of our machine.
So now we need to start to focus on some the harder stuff and figure out how we're going to say find
all these different files to run enable watch mode all that kind of good stuff.
So quick pause right here and we'll start to tackle some the more challenging things in just a moment.